README.md, before:

[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
![CI tests](https://github.com/emmo-repo/domain-characterisation-methodology/workflows/Check%20conventions/badge.svg)


# Characterisation Methodology Domain Ontology (CHAMEO)
An ontology for materials characterization based on the [CHADA](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S235249281930087X?via%3Dihub) template.

This ontology development is supported by an [EMMC Task Group](https://emmc.eu/focus-areas/interoperability/tg2-5/). The corresponding forum can be found [here](https://emmc.eu/forum?view=topic&id=154).

## Requirements

The CHAMEO Ontology is built with an alignment with EMMO and some of its modules, as well as with EMMO-compliant domain-level ontologies developed for the Open Innovation Environment (OIE) from the OYSTER project. The following table describes the version compatibility between those ontologies:

| Imported Ontologies | Version           |
| ------------------- | ----------------- |
| EMMO                | 1.0.0-beta7       |


## Resources
- Pre-inferred ontology: https://emmo-repo.github.io/domain-characterisation-methodology/chameo-inferred.ttl
- [Class index](https://emmo-repo.github.io/domain-characterisation-methodology/chameo.html)


## Attribution and Credits

### Authors
- Pierluigi Del Nostro, (Goldbeck Consulting Ltd, UK)
- Gerhard Goldbeck, (Goldbeck Consulting Ltd, UK)
- Daniele Toti, (Goldbeck Consulting Ltd, UK)
- Simon Clark (SINTEF, NO)
- Jesper Friis (SINTEF, NO)
- Eibar Flores (DTU, DK)


### Project
Associated research projects:
- [NanoMECommons](https://www.nanomecommons.net/); Grant agreement number: 952869 <img src="https://www.nanomecommons.net/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/web-logo2-1.jpg"  width="120">
- OYSTER; Grant Agreement No: 760827
- Big-Map; Grant Agreement No: 957189
- OntoTrans; Grant Agreement No: 862136


## License

The CHAMEO Ontology is released under a Creative Commons license Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0). See [here](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode) for more information.

Commit message:

Added link to squashed ontology

README.md, after:

[![License: CC BY 4.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC%20BY%204.0-lightgrey.svg)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/)
![CI tests](https://github.com/emmo-repo/domain-characterisation-methodology/workflows/Check%20conventions/badge.svg)


# Characterisation Methodology Domain Ontology (CHAMEO)
An ontology for materials characterization based on the [CHADA](https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S235249281930087X?via%3Dihub) template.

This ontology development is supported by an [EMMC Task Group](https://emmc.eu/focus-areas/interoperability/tg2-5/). The corresponding forum can be found [here](https://emmc.eu/forum?view=topic&id=154).

## Requirements

The CHAMEO Ontology is built with an alignment with EMMO and some of its modules, as well as with EMMO-compliant domain-level ontologies developed for the Open Innovation Environment (OIE) from the OYSTER project. The following table describes the version compatibility between those ontologies:

| Imported Ontologies | Version           |
| ------------------- | ----------------- |
| EMMO                | 1.0.0-beta7       |


## Resources
- Squashed ontology (all imported ontologies included in the same turtle file for fast and robust loading): https://emmo-repo.github.io/domain-characterisation-methodology/chameo.ttl
- Pre-inferred ontology: https://emmo-repo.github.io/domain-characterisation-methodology/chameo-inferred.ttl
- [Class index](https://emmo-repo.github.io/domain-characterisation-methodology/chameo.html)


## Attribution and Credits

### Authors
- Pierluigi Del Nostro, (Goldbeck Consulting Ltd, UK)
- Gerhard Goldbeck, (Goldbeck Consulting Ltd, UK)
- Daniele Toti, (Goldbeck Consulting Ltd, UK)
- Simon Clark (SINTEF, NO)
- Jesper Friis (SINTEF, NO)
- Eibar Flores (DTU, DK)


### Project
Associated research projects:
- [NanoMECommons](https://www.nanomecommons.net/); Grant agreement number: 952869 <img src="https://www.nanomecommons.net/wp-content/uploads/2021/04/web-logo2-1.jpg"  width="120">
- OYSTER; Grant Agreement No: 760827
- Big-Map; Grant Agreement No: 957189
- OntoTrans; Grant Agreement No: 862136


## License

The CHAMEO Ontology is released under a Creative Commons license Attribution 4.0 International (CC BY 4.0). See [here](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode) for more information.
